Who I am and and you know what, the Sun Lego's sweet, sweet success.
Well done for getting this.
Seriously, I just wanted to pause, take a step back from whatever it is we are learning about, which
is objects.
And I just wanted to say thank you for getting this far and well done for getting this far.
You know, most people I've learned in life don't bring that extra hard work.
They don't go that extra mile to get a hit and so well done.
I'm very impressed cooking during the course, and I just wanted to say you might be even getting a
bit frustrated in the sense that, you know, we're learning about objects, learning about the different
ways to create objects struck the functions of the syntax.
And you might be thinking, Oh, it's all good and well, like we've created people objects.
We've created motorbike objects.
But how do we actually extract this value and put it in the object?
How do we work with data from a user interface point to many users on our website?
And let me just say you'll get they need to learn to walk before you run.
You need to understand objects, how they work on X's properties and see properties, how to work with
it.
And I just want to say, we're going to get there.
We're going to understand how everything fits in later.
But for now, just enjoy sit back.
And I just wanted this video to be a bit of a and video Get going.
Go get a coffee.
Go get a coke, whatever suits your fancy, and I'll see you in the next lecture.